---

title: '20251102'
pubDate: 11/02/2025
updatedDate: 11/02/2025
description: Every session contributes to the larger picture, sometimes in ways that only become clear later. These “field notes” record the process as it happens, offering perspective when I look back. Here are the Field Notes for October 30th through November 2nd, 2025.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg
asset: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg
thumb: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg

---

<div class="bsln-card m-b-1">  
<div class="bsln-card__header">  
    <span class="bsln-card__title">Field Notes</span>  
    <span class="bsln-card__info">11/02/2025</span>  
</div>  

<div class="bsln-card__body">  
    <p style="margin-bottom: 0;">Every session contributes to the larger picture, sometimes in ways that only become clear later. These “field notes” record the process as it happens, offering perspective when I look back. Here are the Field Notes for <strong>October 30th through November 2nd, 2025.</strong></p>  
</div>  
</div>  

<br>

### October 30, 2025

#### Unguided Meditation

* 30 minutes.
* Expand App, timer section, F21.
* Usually, I’ll use the Expand App for shorter durations like 10 to 20 minutes. It’s convenient when out of the house and/or when I don’t have much time to commit.
* Usual prep: breathe deeply and relax completely, energy conversion box (ECB), resonant tuning (humming), resonant energy balloon, affirmation(s).
* F10 -> F12 -> F15 was my focus route today.
* After I got into F10, I heard a sound that appeared to come from my right, next to my ear (but inside my head; it wasn’t external). It sounded like someone closed a door. If I didn’t know any better, I’d think someone came into my office and, as they left, closed the door behind them. The door to the office was already closed. Ivan was taking a nap in the kids’ room with the door closed. The dogs were sleeping in the living room.

<br>

### October 31, 2025

#### Unguided Meditation

* 30 minutes.
* Tom Campbell’s binaural beats “256-128-64.”
* Could barely get through prep and forgot to initiate F10 three times.
* Needless to say, I had to cut this one short. I wanted to go for an hour, but 30 minutes was all I could manage.
* Shut everything down and rolled over for a nap.
* Slept for an hour and could have gone longer.
* Ended up with a slightly irritated mood, same as this morning, and I can’t figure out why.

#### Trick-or-Treat Walk With Family & Friends

* Ivan is both big enough to walk on his own and small enough to cover only five houses in an hour.
* Kim carried him for a couple of houses and then I took over. For the next hour or so, Ivan rode on my shoulders as I walked with the older kids from house to house. My traps were screaming at about the half-hour mark. I made it all the way through though 💪🏻.
* Another family tagged along about halfway through. A little girl about my oldest son’s age was dressed as Sally from *The Nightmare Before Christmas.* Her actual name is Sophia.
* One of the houses we got to had a bowl out front with the ol’ “plz take one” sign on it, and by the looks of the mostly empty bowl, no one was following the rule.
* The other kids already got there and moved on. Sophia, Ivan on my shoulders, and I came up behind them.
* I was huffing a bit, facing the front door, the candy bowl behind me.
* I heard someone dumping stuff into the candy bowl. I turned around and saw Sophia emptying half of her own bag of candy into the bowl. She looked at me and said, “It’s not fair to the other kids.”
* I followed suit and emptied half of Ivan’s candy into the bowl. She was absolutely right, and there’s always more just up ahead.
* The world is full of abundance because of people like Sophia. What a beautiful young soul.

<br>

### November 1, 2025

#### Guided Meditation

* 30 minutes.
* William Buhlman’s “The Vortex” method.
* While I did not project from this meditation, I did experiment a bit as things came up.
* Lately, I’ve been getting some wicked itches after getting into F10. Can’t ignore these, so I have to break focus and scratch away.
* Here’s the interesting part: I got back to F10 and my ideal zone really fast, so fast it surprised me.
* Another thing to note: the hard strobe that feels like either two strong flashes or three quick, slightly weaker flashes that appear to come from behind the eyes (and third eye) while emanating in all directions continues to happen. I’m still not quite getting the hang of when, what, or how yet, but I know it will happen at some point during the meditation. After F10, when I go deeper, I can count on it surfacing and pulsing.

#### Lucid Dream

* After the meditation, I practiced what I wrote about on Friday and set my intent with clarity, present tense, sensory input (this one is still hard to get the hang of), emotion, and release. I specifically stated at the end, “I remember my intent.”
* I rolled over and drifted off into sleep with some light visualization, which honestly is pretty automatic, though I wouldn’t call it “involuntary.”
* I became lucid after about one minute of the dream.
* I instantly remembered my original intent, my intent setup worked as planned!
* I started to meditate while moving my awareness inward to begin projecting. I repeated, “I surrender,” a couple of times.
* My vision went black as I felt myself, my awareness, literally move inward with a “wooshing” sound.
* I accepted that it was over relatively quickly and came to waking consciousness in my office.

<br>

### November 2, 2025

#### Meditation

* 40 minutes.
* Tom Campbell’s binaural beats, “256-128-64.”
* The night before wasn’t particularly good for deep sleep, so I’ve been feeling it all day. Just generally low energy, not in a bad mood, but not at 90% battery either.
* The meditation went well; nothing major to report.
* Prep was good, didn’t space out.
* Spent a little time in F10 to let the recent burning itches arise and take care of them.
* Went into F12 and cast a question out. This was my most “spacey” part of the meditation. I let a few visuals play out on their own but didn’t pay much attention; it’s hard to focus when you’re tired.
* Moved into F21 for fun to see what would happen, not much. Not sure why I decided to do that today, especially in the state I was in.
* Moved back down to F15. While doing some more involved visualization here, I nearly clicked out a couple of times (which means I did, just highly aware of it) and decided to end it at that.
* For future reference: the better your deep sleep at night, the better you’ll meditate during the day. If you don’t get your usual amount of deep sleep, you’ll end up fighting to stay awake during meditation or, in my case, fighting to stay focused. I used to fall asleep after poor rest during meditations pretty reliably, but over time I’ve gotten to the point that “mind awake, body asleep” is nearly automatic regardless of my battery level. What poor deep sleep affects in me now is general focus, which is kind of the whole point of being aware in this state.
