---

title: '20251012'
pubDate: 10/12/2025
updatedDate: 10/12/2025
description: Not every week brings breakthroughs, but I make it a point to document each session. These “field notes” capture the process, whether or not anything remarkable happens in the moment. Looking back on them after major events often reveals how the path unfolded and offers its own lessons. Here are the Field Notes for <strong>October 8th through 12th, 2025.</strong>
author: Anton Simanov
background: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg
asset: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg
thumb: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg

---

<div class="bsln-card m-b-1">  
<div class="bsln-card__header">  
    <span class="bsln-card__title">Field Notes</span>  
    <span class="bsln-card__info">10/12/2025</span>  
</div>  

<div class="bsln-card__body">  
    <p style="margin-bottom: 0;">Not every week brings breakthroughs, but I make it a point to document each session. These “field notes” capture the process, whether or not anything remarkable happens in the moment. Looking back on them after major events often reveals how the path unfolded and offers its own lessons. Here are the Field Notes for <strong>October 8th through 12th, 2025.</strong></p>  
</div>  
</div>  

### October 8, 2025

#### Meditation

* Meditation was enjoyable and calm.
* I initially went in with a lot of energy but felt pretty tired toward the end and had a hard time keeping focus.
* When I’d regained focus, I often forgot what I was doing or trying to accomplish.
* Felt low vibrations throughout the body and encouraged them, relaxed into them, but it wasn’t time yet and they disappeared soon after.

#### Lucid Dream

* Lucid dream began in my parents’ house.
* I was standing in the center of my room, instantly recognized what was what, and jumped into the air to begin flying as quickly as possible.
* Just like with OBE, the goal in lucid dreams is to get moving right away or they tend to end very quickly.
* I jumped into the air and started to take off toward the window with the intention of going through it.
* As soon as I got close and passed just beyond my head, I was looped back to the back of the room.
* Again and again, I shot toward the window and was “reset” to where I started each time.
* I’m stubborn, so I shifted my intent to fly faster and higher, hoping to break out, but that only made me glitch and loop repeatedly.
* How strange.
* I decided the struggle was over and just stood in the middle of the room as the “simulation” dissolved, taking me with it.
* Upon my exit, I had the familiar experience of seeing a wild object doing impossible things. These little show-stoppers now seem like 3D shadows of 4D objects, at least that’s the “feeling” I’ve been getting recently.
* The object was mostly iridescent and blue, shimmering and twisting, undulating with ribbons and disks.
* One of the ribbons pushed its way to the outer center, changing to orange and gold as it glowed and twisted inward.
* This time the object, in fantastical motion, began as a relatively large part of my field of view against a black void backdrop.
* As it twisted and moved, it shrank to my bottom right.
* I was able to “zoom in” and focus on it until it disappeared.
* I used to think I came to waking consciousness after this little demonstration, but I now strongly believe it bleeds into my already local physical state. I just wait and hold the performance as long as possible before removing my mask or opening my eyes.

<br>

### October 9, 2025

#### Meditation

* Tom Campbell’s binaural beats, 128–256.
* Did the general Gateway Tapes prep and dropped into F10 very quickly.
* Feeling pretty tired.
* Hit the ideal threshold faster than normal. Again, I’m tired, so I had a feeling where this was going.
* Had some initial strength in focus, but then found myself spacing out and letting the initial visualizations run on their own.
* Quit the session, removed headphones, took a cat nap.

#### Evening Walk

* Not exactly a normal entry, but saw something worth recording.
* Toward the end of my walk, as I turned down my street heading south, a bright green ball of light caught my eye to my upper left (southeast). As I glanced in its direction, it pulsed brighter and began to descend down and away from me. It had a long, wide, green, tapering tail as it disappeared. I believe it was at about helicopter altitude (as they operate over the city), which is lower than an airplane but not close enough to tell what it was.
* Could have been a firework.
* Could have been a flare.
* Could have been swamp gas fart.
* It’s spooky season after all. 👻

<br>

### October 11, 2025

#### Meditation

* William Buhlman OBE track, “Count Down Globe,” guided with binaural beats, 45 minutes.
* Did my typical prep (modified Gateway Tapes prep).
* Thought I’d give this one another try. I haven’t had much luck with it in the past but wanted to focus more on completely ignoring my physical body during practice sessions, so it was worth revisiting.
* Overall, I had about the same level of success as before. Not bad, but not something I’ll be rushing to do again.
* Experienced the familiar guidepost of expanding consciousness at the threshold again. The more rested I am, the more detail I detect in these moments, much like last week. This week I’ve been more tired than usual, and I’ve noticed almost everything in my practice feels a bit more dull and scaled back.
* Soon after the threshold sensation, I began my attempts.
* Heartbeat rising in the head area, all good but not helpful when trying to ignore the physical completely.
* Closed-eye vision, always confusing for me, but I’ve been marking it as a guidepost recently so it no longer distracts me.
* Slight vibration in the head and neck area, very weak this time.
* I “popped out” right above my physical but had extremely limited senses.
* “Clarity Now” and “Awareness Now” commands didn’t have much of an effect.
* Overall, this wasn’t bad and I’m always glad I did it, but I probably won’t be returning to this one soon.

#### Freeflow Meditation

* After turning off the Buhlman track, I removed my headphones but kept the blackout mask on.
* Lying on my back, I started another meditation focused on practicing visualization and exit techniques. Seems like this is what I’ve been doing in nearly every session lately.
* Funny, I basically did the “target method” by Buhlman for this one.
* Same as before but entered F10 and F12 much quicker, with the threshold transition sensation coming on fast.
* Overall, I had some light success but ultimately fell asleep as I kept losing interest and was too tired to maintain focus.
* Shortly after, I decided it was nap time.
* I set my intent on having a lucid dream or projection as I fell asleep but ended up just… sleeping.
* Not disappointed. I’m tired, boss.

<br>

### October 12, 2025

#### Self-Hypnosis

* 40-minute guided session.
* Went into this one with a “just observe” mindset and the intent to accept whatever happens, but midway through I started getting annoyed at the guided parts because I kept automatically drifting into doing my own thing.
* No threshold sensation but several sudden moments of awareness.
* These moments weren’t special; I was wavering in and out of light sleep, unable to maintain waking state as the body fell asleep, drifting in and out for most of the session.
* Traditionally, this situation is referred to as “clicking out.”
* It’s ok, not a total loss. Usually, I can gauge how it’ll go as I lay down, but I was off the mark this afternoon since I felt quite awake.
* At the end, though, I felt refreshed. Must have needed the rest after all.


