---
title: '20260410'
pubDate: 04/10/2026
updatedDate: 04/10/2026
description: Yesterday my two attempts to meditate all began very well and textbook but both times I was interrupted mid-way through and had to give up for the day in the end. Today I was able to get a full 30 minute session in but was plagued by fatigue and back-to-back clickouts. It's been an odd kind of week.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260410.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260410.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260410.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260410 - Friday

##### Splash Down

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 20°
* Moon: Capricorn 26° | Last Quarter

##### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Expand app, timer section, F12.

Yesterday my two attempts to meditate all began very well and textbook, but both times I was interrupted mid-way through and had to give up for the day in the end. Today I was able to get a full 30-minute session in but was plagued by fatigue and back-to-back clickouts. It's been an odd kind of week.  

What changed? Nearly three weeks ago I stopped all morning physical training because our youngest boy was admitted to the hospital for hMPV; he has fully recovered from the ordeal. The week after that I continued my physical training postponement because I fell ill with hMPV due to lack of sleep and the high stress of the prior week. 

This week was the return to full-on morning training: back to running 20+ miles a week and lifting weights. I'm feeling like myself again and happy about the training, but I've noticed that my night-time sleeping patterns are taking a bit of time to return to normal. I think ultimately this is the issue with meditation performance this week. Needless to say, altered state exploration has also taken a hit. 

I'm hoping to return to form soon, as I have a couple of loose threads to take care of as well as new directions to explore. 

#### Evening

Artemis 2 and crew are back on Earth from their trip around the Moon. It is so amazing to see this. Let's not wait another few decades before going back!