---
title: '20260422'
pubDate: 04/22/2026
updatedDate: 04/22/2026
description: Had a minor break in my practice at the start of the week. Monday I had time for a short 15 minute meditation while at the office and the following day, yesterday, I had to skip it entirely due to an event at my agency. These things happen and I'm being more forgiving to myself about it as it's definitely one of those attributes about myself that can and will be polished.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260422.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260422.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260422.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260422 - Wednesday

##### Temperance 

<br>
 
#### Afternoon

* Sun: Taurus 3°
* Moon: Cancer 17° | Waxing Crescent

##### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Expand app, timer section, F12.

Had a minor break in my practice at the start of the week. Monday I had time for a short 15-minute meditation while at the office, and the following day, yesterday, I had to skip it entirely due to an event at my agency. These things happen, and I'm being more forgiving to myself about it, as it's definitely one of those attributes about myself that can and will be polished.

The truth is I struggle with breaks in routines, no matter how well I reason and logic about it. It's not necessarily about *all* routines, just the ones that I control. I'm a lot harder on myself regarding this than others. If someone has to cancel an event, reschedule a meeting, can't make it into the office, etc., I completely understand; however, when I, with good reasons, do the same, I do not give adequate grace to myself. 

That's a personal issue that I'm well aware of and working on. 

The meditation today was nice and sorely missed from the lack of yesterday's session. Nothing much to report other than I did some energy work and it all went fine. Some aspects of these sessions are returning, unlike the last few weeks, so that's nice to experience again.