---
title: '20260401'
pubDate: 04/01/2026
updatedDate: 04/01/2026
description: About a year ago I stumbled on a Reddit thread regarding extra meditation tracks from The Gateway Experience. The particular set that was discussed was *Journeys Out Of The Body*, which contains 4 tracks that are each 60 minutes long. They piqued my interest initially because these were the ones that a few folks who have been doing this for a long time were pointing to regarding training for OBE directly from a meditative state.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260401.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260401.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260401.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260401 - Wednesday

##### Start, Stop, Repeat

<br>

#### Morning

* Sun: Aries 11°
* Moon: Libra 5° | Full Moon

#### Meditation

* 60 Minutes.
* The Gateway Experience, Journeys Out Of The Body - Condition D.

About a year ago I stumbled on a Reddit thread regarding extra meditation tracks from The Gateway Experience. The particular set that was discussed was *Journeys Out Of The Body*, which contains 4 tracks that are each 60 minutes long. They piqued my interest initially because these were the ones that a few folks who have been doing this for a long time were pointing to regarding training for OBE directly from a meditative state.

At the time I was really focused on this kind of process to begin with but had a few things I was already knee-deep in. I simply had no time to explore more, and over time I forgot about these altogether. A good friend and mentor of mine brought these tapes up around the same time — clearly I had several signs pointing me at them — but again, time is always an issue. Just this week he brought them up again as part of his research, and I took that as the third and final sign that I should just give them an honest "go."

It so happens that I'm still "under the weather." It's the kind that allows me to function relatively "ok" but physical activity like running and lifting is definitely a "no-go." So, with that, I shelved my training for another week (not happy about it) and replaced my morning physical-energy-dump sessions with long consciousness exploration sessions. This morning, with 0 expectations, I put on my gear and pressed play on "Condition D" from the *Journeys Out Of The Body* collection.

These tapes are completely unguided, so it's a good idea to read the included material so you can focus on something. I did the usual Gateway Experience prep and intro to the session and that went totally as expected. I originally intended to get into F12 (expanded awareness) for this practice run but ended up "stuck" in F10, which was by choice as I got distracted.

Once I settled in F10 (mind awake/body asleep) I began to practice positioning a point in space about 6 feet directly away from me. I would do this to the best of my abilities and hold it as long as I could. Then I move the same point 90 degrees from its location away and behind me. Imagine yourself laying down flat on your back — the point is 6 feet above your eyes, and when you move it "up" it ends up 6 feet behind and above the crown of your head.

The first time I completed this imaginary movement I was quite surprised.

The moment the visualized point was moved, my entire being began to hum with low rolling vibrations. I could then stop the vibrations, bring the point back in front of me, and repeat the same movement with the same vibrations as the result. I was amazed — **it is extremely repeatable and reliable**.

On a couple of occasions I was able to "settle in" to the vibrations and intensify them, but nothing too crazy beyond this point. I believe the next step is to attempt one of several separation techniques. Overall, I was simply floored by the repeatability of start/stop to the vibrations. I've never been able to achieve that before.

Tomorrow morning I will conduct the same process and add extra steps, however I'll be just as happy if it goes exactly the same as it did this morning. Why? Because that would mean that by dropping yourself into a deep meditative trance and moving a point of focus — which was at some arbitrary "distance" to begin with — reliably generates vibrations. On the surface that doesn't mean much for OBE (out of body experience, astral projection, etc.) as vibrations aren't a requirement, but a consistent nervous system response to an "imaginary" action means there's something much more tangible here worth exploring and documenting.

I have it on good authority that another individual who has tried this same exact tape and the same exact movement achieved the same result involving vibrations. That's not nothing.