---
title: '20260402'
pubDate: 04/02/2026
updatedDate: 04/02/2026
description: Duplicated the same session as I did yesterday morning except this time I didn't linger in F10 (mind awake/body asleep) and expanded into F12 (expanded awareness) before initiating the exercise.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260402.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260402.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260402.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260402 - Thursday

##### A Sky That Keeps Returning

<br>

#### Morning

* Sun: Aries 13°
* Moon: Libra 17° | Waning Gibbous

#### Meditation

* 60 Minutes.
* The Gateway Experience, Journeys Out Of The Body - Condition D.

Duplicated the same session as I did yesterday morning except this time I didn't linger in F10 (mind awake/body asleep) and expanded into F12 (expanded awareness) before initiating the exercise.

I was able to replicate the same process and result:

> I began to practice positioning a point in space about 6 feet directly away from me. I would do this to the best of my abilities and hold it as long as I could. Then I move the same point 90 degrees from its location away and behind me. Imagine yourself laying down flat on your back — the point is 6 feet above your eyes, and when you move it "up" it ends up 6 feet behind and above the crown of your head.

> The moment the visualized point was moved, my entire being began to hum with low rolling vibrations. I could then stop the vibrations, bring the point back in front of me, and repeat the same movement with the same vibrations as the result.

The results today were essentially the same as yesterday — what you see quoted above — but not as strong. The quality of the vibrations was about the same, however the reliability of the action was a bit less impressive. I had a sneaking suspicion that it would go down this way.

**An aside:** During one of the passes through this exercise in F12 I was holding my focus on the point 6 feet in front of me when a wild NVC (non-verbal communication) appeared. Same quality, duration, and gestalt that I typically get from NVC. **The communication was an upward view of bright-blue clear sky with puffy white clouds.** This isn't the first time I've seen this scene, or rather this subject, as all of them are a little different from one another. I'm still trying to make sense of it but at the present time I'm going to go with this working theory for the communication: I'm on the right track.

I felt the urge to end the session after a few passes. After my exit I checked the track and I had 2 minutes left. Interesting — I made the usual exit that I typically do (right on time without knowing the time) but without the recent left foot twitch that seems to have developed as an alarm clock recently. Maybe it was temporary. I much prefer the silent "knowing" that my self-imposed time limit is up.

---

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 13°
* Moon: Libra 23° | Waning Gibbous

#### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Tom Campbell's binaural beats, 64-64.

The goal for this session was to test out the exercise with another binaural beat track as well as accounting for a different time of day. I did a simple F10 (mind awake/body asleep) meditation and proceeded to focus on doing the focused point movement from directly above me to directly behind me, just like in previous sessions.

The results were a bit lackluster. After settling into the ideal state I ran the movement a few times and was only able to produce one vibration sensation, and it was rather weak. Too early to draw conclusions from all of this, but it's documented nonetheless.