---

title: '20260310'
pubDate: 03/10/2026
updatedDate: 03/10/2026
description: Finally had decent sleep and rest last night, didn't have to skip my mid-day "defrag" today as well. Since I only had 15 minutes to spare this afternoon, I took this time to do a simple meditation of presence. 
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260310.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260310.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260310.jpg
exportToSubstack: true

---

### Field Notes 20260310 - Tuesday

##### Fade Out of the Noise

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Pisces 19°
* Moon: Sagittarius 5° | Waning Gibbous
* Mercury Retrograde: 20260226-20260320

#### Meditation

* 15 Minutes.
* Expand App, timer section, F18.

Finally had decent sleep and rest last night, didn't have to skip my mid-day "defrag" today as well. Since I only had 15 minutes to spare this afternoon, I took this time to do a simple meditation of presence. 

- Breathe deeply and relax completely. 
- Observe your breath.
- Become aware of the energy within your body, feel it.
- The goal is to release any visual or thought about your body and simply feel it.
- Feel it so deeply that you lose the duality of the observer and observed. In other words, lose the distinction between inner and outer. Simply be.
- Stay within this state of pure being as long as you are comfortable.

If you have an "accelerated" mind, ADD or ADHD, it can feel impossible to achieve this state, but that is only a limiting belief. I've learned to arrive at stillness and simply being by allowing the constant tempest of thoughts to simply be. Let them happen, let them spin, and allow yourself to fade out of their noise. 

Sounds too simple and can't work, right? 

Believe it. Put strong emotion behind that belief and it will happen. This isn't magic, this is how you communicate with your subconscious. Once the instructions are received and reinforced with practice, you — your subconscious — will make the proper adjustments in every facet of your life and guide you to manifest that which is truly desired a reality.

