---
title: '20260408'
pubDate: 04/08/2026
updatedDate: 04/08/2026
description: Mid-week sessions typically include a guided chakra balancing meditation but I've decided to move away from a specific aspect of this and take a more active role in the process. Starting today and moving forward I run these sessions completely unguided.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260408.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260408.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260408.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260408 - Wednesday

##### The Percept Tower Door

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 18°
* Moon: Capricorn 2° | Waning Gibbous

#### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Expand app, timer section, F12.

Mid-week sessions typically include a guided chakra balancing meditation but I've decided to move away from a specific aspect of this and take a more active role in the process. Starting today and moving forward I run these sessions completely unguided. That's not the full story for today though, keep reading.

I know, nothing special about this — moving away from guided sessions is a totally natural progression. I kept coming back to a specific guided session week after week because of a mind-blowing experience I had last year.

I didn't document it at the time because it felt a bit "out there" and I was still trying to make sense of what actually happened.

> One evening in 2025 I got the urge to lay down for a 30-minute Dick Sutphen self-hypnosis meditation. It was one of his tracks that primarily focuses on astral projection. The first half of it is all about preparation, which includes a lengthy-ish chakra activation, balancing, and charging routine and settling into deep trance.

> For whatever reason that evening I was guided to do it, the kind of urge you can't ignore. The moment I laid down and began listening, things began to happen... visually. I watched "the iridescent light" come from "above" and connect with the top of my head, the crown. I watched colors associated with chakras swirl and vortexes form as the light systematically moved from top to bottom (initial pass) activating and charging them.

> All of this was from my vantage point, like watching it happen to you and from your perspective. On the second pass, as the light moved from root chakra to the crown, things got very intense and I could feel every single one of the chakras vibrate until my entire being felt like a rocket ship.

I briefly projected from this state, floating above my body, but that's not the main part of the story. The actual story is that something urged me to listen to this track at that exact time and a visual demonstration followed as it all happened. All of this left me awestruck, but most importantly from that session on I've held a deep and unshakeable knowing that chakras are ***absolutely*** real.

Since then I've had less intense visuals of the process, but only if my energy is already high. Habitually I had a hard time moving away from that guided meditation because of the experience — who knows, it might happen again and be as intense! No, that was a one-time demonstration. Today I ran through it on my own and not only was I able to stay locked in and not click out all over the place but some of the visuals also returned.

The "focused point in space" exercise that I ran over and over again last week has shed light on something else... or rather a good friend of mine and that exercise revealed a new thread of interest.

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260401-wednesday

I **know** that chakras are real. I've been activating them and doing energy work ever since that vivid experience last year. I didn't know that there are more, specifically above your head. My good friend and mentor had a sudden download/realization this morning about this very point, as he does know this information.

So, he connected the dots: when you move your point of awareness 6 feet in front of you during deep meditation (human trance) and then swing it back behind you — or rather above your head — you are hitting ***something*** that precisely activates vibrations and presents a reliable window for separation.

Once again, all of this in combination with repeatable vibration inductions from the "focused point movement," I think there's ***really something here***.