---
title: '20260319'
pubDate: 03/19/2026
updatedDate: 03/19/2026
description: The last couple of days have felt like a fog has begun to lift and clear blue sky starting to poke through the thick vapor. I retreated so far inward in the recent weeks that this emergence is feeling both like an old friend coming back and like I'm about to learn something new. Just a hunch, we'll see what's ahead soon enough.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260319.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260319.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260319.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260319 - Thursday

##### Something New Returning

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Pisces 29°
* Moon: Aries 10° | Waxing Crescent
* Mercury Retrograde: 20260226-20260320

#### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Expand App, timer section, F12.

The last couple of days have felt like a fog has begun to lift and clear blue sky starting to poke through the thick vapor. I retreated so far inward in the recent weeks that this emergence is feeling both like an old friend coming back and like I'm about to learn something new. Just a hunch, we'll see what's ahead soon enough.

Today's session was about the following question, **"What am I defending that is preventing me from seeing what is actually here?"**. Based on that I selected to move into F12 (expanded awareness) in order to cast the question. Entering the meditation went without issues. Once I was settled in F10 (mind awake/body asleep) I moved to expand into F12.

Beyond the initial sensation of expansion, the visual of it — something only recently began to be perceptible — has been changing slightly as well. Instead of an outline growing up and over me, which did happen as the first wave, the second expansion wave had slight opaqueness to it, making it appear like a very lightly transparent balloon filling with more air against a black void backdrop.

Having the ability to perceive this etheric (or aetheric, depends on your taste) function is something I've always wanted to be able to detect beyond the feeling or sensation that it is happening. I've read in the past of much grander visual effects that others have the ability to experience; I'm just happy with what's available to me.

As typical with casting questions out to the expanded awareness of the "consciousness-net," the answer didn't arrive before the session was over, and that's perfectly ok.

#### Liminal

With gratitude I exited the meditation and made an intent for a short altered state. Same "new" energy behind the intent declaration as I've stumbled onto in the last few weeks. I didn't specify what kind of altered state I was looking for — honestly I didn't have much time left, so I wasn't looking for anything specific. I put my gear to the side, turned on my left side and quickly sunk into unconsciousness.

The dream that I was briefly in was not memorable, so I take this as a sign that it wasn't meant to carry any message for me. I do remember becoming lucid as I was doing something in the gym/shop, but that's nothing significant as this is one of several familiar settings for these "staging" dreams. The "staging" dreams never last long and the fact that I remember the end of this one is a little surprising: they're quick, not memorable, only meant to be a gateway to the target altered state.

As the dream broke down I felt myself quickly sink and swirl into the garage floor. My vision went black very quickly this time as I briefly traveled down a portal/wormhole. While in the void I had this sensation to stretch my limbs, to uncurl so to speak. I proceeded to do that and felt a lot of resistance. It didn't feel as if I was working against a mold or something holding me down. My guess is that my awareness was already in the etheric double and the sensation was closer to trying to pull away from whatever had every point of this etheric double tethered down.

I didn't struggle much, just enough to understand that I'm not going anywhere, and just let the process finish wherever my awareness arrives at.

Ended up back in the physical with a brief Liminal appearance. The Liminal began to occupy the usual spot they've generated from in my field of view, bottom right. To my surprise I was able to move it to the center of my field of view and zoom in/enlarge it. I'm not claiming this to be new; I think this way of interacting has been slowly coming online for a while.

The Liminal in appearance reminded me of the encounter from 20251212.

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/reverie-compendium-20251212

It had the same segmented and always-in-motion quality. The only difference today was that it wasn't just grayscale — several panels flashed colors. The very nature of this Liminal is difficult to describe, but that is exactly the reason why it's hard to piece together. Some examples for you to imagine: an ornate stained glass window constantly shifting its panels as it moves through space; Scramble suits from *A Scanner Darkly* (2006) but strictly geometric, with hard edges and purely abstract in overall appearance.

After a brief and confusing display it waved goodbye, just like in the 20251212 encounter, and made its exit by shrinking out of our briefly shared existence.