---
title: '20260415'
pubDate: 04/15/2026
updatedDate: 04/15/2026
description: It's the middle of the week and time to recharge the ol' energy centers. Just as planned, I am doing all of this unguided now. I believe this is the second time that I've done this session sans Sutphen's tape, which I've used for over a year or longer.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260415.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260415.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260415.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260415 - Wednesday

##### Segmented Recharge

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 25°
* Moon: Aries 3° | Waning Crescent

##### Meditation

* 20 Minutes.
* Expand app, timer section, F12.

It's the middle of the week and time to recharge the ol' energy centers. Just as planned, I am doing all of this unguided now. I believe this is the second time that I've done this session sans Sutphen's tape, which I've used for over a year or longer.

From Sutphen's self-hypnosis work I recognized that he moves you into a state of expanded awareness, or in The Gateway Experience terms Focus 12 (F12). Now, I don't *need* to listen to anything to do this meditation, but since weekdays are all about expediency and efficiency I went ahead with the F12 track from the Expand app's timer section.

I settled into F10 (mind awake, body asleep) very quickly; I was definitely ready to "unplug" for a bit after lunch. Initially I did experience a couple moments of spacing out during prep, which kind of tipped me off as to how the rest of the session would go.

Once I began visualizing "a bright, white, shimmering, iridescent light coming down from above" and connecting with the crown of my head... sure enough, it began to appear. The very first time this happened during a guided session it felt so surreal to actually see it without active imagination involved. It was the same today, just not as intense and vivid.

In fact, it is interesting to note that I began to see this display once again only when I went unguided. In any case, I made it through the meditation like this and with a few moments of spacing out. Body checks (feet/legs jerking) during this session were very persistent but did not knock me out of the ideal state. I simply observed them as they happened and went back to either observing thoughts or getting back to the purpose of the meditation. Nonetheless, I got done and when I came back to physical reality I felt properly re-energized.

I'm now kicking around the idea of "quickly" running through the chakras during all sessions prior to attempting further altered state exploration. Mechanically it makes sense, it doesn't take a long time at all, and I'm recommitting to running all of my altered state exploration sessions as naturally *to me* as possible. This feels natural.
