---
title: '20260405'
pubDate: 04/05/2026
updatedDate: 04/05/2026
description: This was an interesting week. I started it all off on Monday by thinking I was well enough to go on an 8 mile run, I then ended up cutting the run short to 5.5 miles because I was about to crap myself. After realizing that I'm just not physically back to where I need to be, I dedicated my early mornings to meditation focused on recovery and a new method exploration.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260405.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260405.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260405.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260330-20260405 - Retrospective

##### What Goes Around, Leaks Around

<br>

This was an interesting week. I started it all off on Monday by thinking I was well enough to go on an 8 mile run, I then ended up cutting the run short to 5.5 miles because I was about to crap myself. After realizing that I'm just not physically back to where I need to be, I dedicated my early mornings to meditation focused on recovery and a new method exploration.

What originally seemed like a lackluster start ended up transforming into learning and positive growth overall. I'll take this kind of win over any grandiose altered state experience, because at the end of the day this is the kind of growth that ensures deeper consciousness exploration and subsequent grandiose altered state experiences.

This week has also been suspiciously cyclical. I started Monday with a sketch about my runny nose from hMpv; I end the week today (Sunday) by replacing my leaky kitchen sink. Go figure.

---

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 16°
* Moon: Scorpio 29° | Waning Gibbous

#### Meditation

* 40 Minutes.
* Expand app, timer section, F18.

Sunday, whether you observe a religious holiday or not, is always an excellent day to manifest. I originally planned on playing the Gateway Experience "One Month Patterning" tape but at the last minute realized something: I don't need to anymore. Not that I don't *need to* manifest and pattern my next month or a year, but I don't need the training wheels anymore.

I've done the one month and one year tracks enough times now that waiting for Bob's instructions during the session is more of a distraction than support. I highly recommend anyone who is interested in patterning (another way of saying "manifesting") and manifestation to check out my guide:

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/who-do-you-want-to-be-next-month

Today's session was very nice and very well controlled. I can feel power returning, stabilizing, becoming more and more responsive again like I've grown used to. The "check the analytical jacket at the door" solution continues to operate as planned, entraining is going well.

#### Through The Week of 20260330-20260405

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260404-saturday

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260403-friday

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260402-thursday

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260401-wednesday

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260331-tuesday

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260330-monday