---
title: '20260404'
pubDate: 04/04/2026
updatedDate: 04/04/2026
description: Based on frustrations from yesterday's afternoon session, today the focus was on shutting down the analytical mind with a new affirmation/process. When I do this it usually takes a little bit of time to entrain, but it's very reliable moving forward. Overall the process worked well and I enjoyed the meditation free of the monkey brain's antics.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260404.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260404.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260404.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260404 - Saturday

##### To Calcine. Ashes.

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 15°
* Moon: Scorpio 7° | Waning Gibbous

#### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* The Gateway Experience, Journeys Out Of The Body - Condition D.

Based on frustrations from yesterday's afternoon session, today the focus was on shutting down the analytical mind with a new affirmation/process. When I do this it usually takes a little bit of time to entrain, but it's very reliable moving forward. Overall the process worked well and I enjoyed the meditation free of the monkey brain's antics.

To test this all out I did the same exercise I've been doing all week — I'll probably be doing this one for a while here and there. Shutting down the chatter allowed me to produce vibrations from the "focused point movement"; this time they were weak and only located in the head. I then "pulled" the point back toward me and was able to intensify the sensation.

That's as far as this session went. I'm still recovering from hMpv, which has proven to be quite a challenge. I'd rate this disease on the same level as the flu and COVID. Because of this, altered states are not manifesting; instead, I'm sleeping more and more during afternoon sessions. My hunch is that because my overall sleep quality has been disturbed — it's still not the same as when I'm completely healthy — that is bleeding into the practice because the juice is just not in the batteries.

Come to think of it, I haven't gone on a run or lifted weights in about two weeks. My usual physical energy dump process hasn't churned in 14 days. I'm definitely feeling it.

Despite all of that I'm still moving forward, continuing to look toward bright blue open skies.