---
title: '20260320'
pubDate: 03/20/2026
updatedDate: 03/20/2026
description: I've been a bit preoccupied with reconfiguring the Percept Index website by expanding the Field Notes into their own section, refactoring the main landing, collections, etc. The biggest lift is yet to come as I still need to upgrade the framework that this entire publication is built on. For this reason, half an hour is all the time that I had today to "knock on the sky."
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260320.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260320.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260320.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260320 - Friday

##### What If the Belief Is the Belief

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 0°
* Moon: Aries 26° | Waxing Crescent
* Mercury Retrograde: 20260226–20260320

#### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Tom Campbell's binaural beats, 256-128-64.

I've been a bit preoccupied with reconfiguring the Percept Index website by expanding the Field Notes into their own section, refactoring the main landing, collections, etc. The biggest lift is yet to come as I still need to upgrade the framework that this entire publication is built on. For this reason, half an hour is all the time that I had today to "knock on the sky."

The session itself felt a little rushed, even if that is never the intent to begin with. Once I settled in everything calmed down and I lazily drifted toward F18 (heart space). Once there I cast out the following question, "What limiting belief am I still carrying?"

**An aside:** Feet, specifically the left side, continue to jerk and knock me out of my ideal state. Recovery is always quick so it's not a big deal, but I've begun to wonder if it's one of the following reasons, or perhaps both.

- Reason 1: it's getting warmer. I hydrate well to begin with but with changing seasons I still go through a process of adaptation just like anyone else.
- Reason 2: I'm not sure if the timing has been lucky the last few times or what, but it *almost* feels like my subconscious forces it to get me out of the meditation and enter an altered state, where oftentimes the answer to my query is waiting to be received.

Reason 2 is still up in the air. It's entirely possible that I'm just not very good at deciphering messages from the "Other" because half the time when I leave a meditation and enter an altered state I'm left with more questions than answers.

Just had a spontaneous thought: what if one of my limiting beliefs is that I have limiting beliefs? That very well sounds like something I'd unknowingly saddle myself with.

#### Liminal

As usual, while making the exit out of the meditation I set my intent, aggressively and always in present tense, for an altered state experience. After setting my gear to the side and turning over I fell asleep very quickly.

Just as quickly as I lost consciousness I regained it in yet another "staging dream." Recalling this one is even more useless than the one from yesterday — I got nothing. Just as quickly as this all happened, my exit catapulted me out of this state and down the familiar void tunnel.

The travel was very quick today. I was deposited back to my physical state and I couldn't help but feel frustrated about that again. "A wild Liminal" appeared in my bottom-right quadrant of my field of view, again same as always with these kinds of transitions.

The Liminal was a view of the tunnel travel. As I first recognized what it was I wondered if this was a replay of what had just transpired or something else entirely, but the more I think about it the more specific and "pointed" these Liminal displays are becoming. It's as if a guide or guides are speaking to me through demonstration — this notion is quickly becoming a "knowing."

The portal which I was observing was small, so I instinctively used my intent, no thoughts but rather feeling, to move it to the center and zoom in. Again, just as yesterday, it worked. The tunnel was simple with a very visible path of travel that twisted and wound about, nothing crazy and a lot straighter than my first experiences with the tunnel, which tracks with my experience moving through them recently.

At the end of the tunnel I could see bright blue sky. Just as I recognized this the Liminal display came to an end as it shrunk out of my view.