---
title: '20260328'
pubDate: 03/28/2026
updatedDate: 03/28/2026
description: While still feeling "under the weather" but beginning to sense the sun peek through, I thought today would be a decent "return to the normal" day of practice. About an hour before lying down I felt a subtle surge of energy, a slow and steady hum of electricity radiating from within. 
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260328.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260328.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260328.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260328 - Saturday

##### The Body Follows

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 8°
* Moon: Leo 17° | Waxing Gibbous

#### Meditation

* 35 Minutes.
* Tom Campbell's binaural beats, 64-32.
                                                                           
While still feeling "under the weather" but beginning to sense the sun peek through, I thought today would be a decent "return to the normal" day of practice. About an hour before lying down I felt a subtle surge of energy, a slow and steady hum of electricity radiating from within. 

The meditation itself went very well — most lucid and solid for well over a month. Settling into F10 (mind awake/body asleep) was fast and deep. Expansion in F12 (expanded awareness) was like bringing that background surge of energy to the forefront. 

I spent the majority of my time in F18 (heart space) between simply being while observing and casting a question: "What is ready to be manifested through me right now?" After exiting the meditation and setting an intent for an altered state — always have to give it a shot — I turned over and contemplated what would happen since I was still buzzing with energy. 

I was very confused when I woke up an hour later as Kim came into the office. I had so much energy that I didn't think I would nap, but it appears that I knocked out so hard that I forgot what realm I was in upon returning. 

Reflecting on today's session makes me wonder how an illness affects these things. Often times, especially if you pay attention, you'll notice yourself feeling things before they happen. This is to say that the "emotional body" receives the data of an event before your physical body does. In this same respect, and regarding vital energy, perhaps the etheric double was a day ahead of the physical today.