---
title: '20260329'
pubDate: 03/29/2026
updatedDate: 03/29/2026
description: It's been a full week since our latest family crisis began and we're now starting to shift out of the fog. Last Sunday morning began with Kim taking our youngest boy to Children's Hospital; he was admitted soon after and remained in hospital care until Wednesday evening. Everyone is home and recovering now — out of the five of us (dog included), he is by far the one who's doing the best.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260329.jpg
asset: /Media/art/sketches/20260329.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/sketches/20260329.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260323-20260329 - Retrospective

##### Green & Purple

<br>

It's been a full week since our latest family crisis began and we're now starting to shift out of the fog. Last Sunday morning began with Kim taking our youngest boy to Children's Hospital; he was admitted soon after and remained in hospital care until Wednesday evening. Everyone is home and recovering now — out of the five of us (dog included), he is by far the one who's doing the best.

While admitted and under care, he was placed on oxygen and remained stubbornly defiant in most situations. While that sounds frustrating when attempting to provide care, it was the single best reminder that he will ultimately be OK, and he is. Throughout the ordeal, Kim and I probably got 2 to 3 hours of sleep each day. That, combined with being with him as often as possible — staying together or trading shifts every few hours — put us on a fast track to the land of disease and misery.

Whilst an actual and serious situation was unfolding, Kim and I, at the same time and together as a strong partnership, persevered through an additional emotional challenge arising from a very surprising source. I won't shed any more light on this as it does not deserve it, nor did it prove anything other than to highlight something we already knew. Only one more thing needs to be said about all of this: Kim and I remain strong, honest, and devoted to our children and one another.

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Aries 9°
* Moon: Virgo 0° | Waxing Gibbous

#### Meditation

* 35 Minutes.
* Tom Campbell's binaural beats, 128-64.

The meditation today was a simple drift into F18 (heart space), holding a specific desired image in mind's eye. It was peaceful, quiet, and healing.

There was one peculiar event that took place towards the end of the session. Without warning and filling my entire field of view, I was presented with a neon-green and purple geometric field. The center was a neon-green circle and surrounding it were alternating bands of purple and neon-green.

This reminds me of a similar occurrence which I documented in *Reverie Compendium* last year:

>After seriously committing to my meditation practice, I gradually began experiencing spontaneous floods of purple across my visual field. Sometimes it's random spots; other times it emerges gently from the sides or directly from the front. On one memorable occasion, purple completely overtook my entire vision for a few moments—it felt as though I'd experienced a personal BSOD. Yet, in all seriousness, it was an exceptionally calm and pleasant sensation.

https://perceptindex.com/art/20250504/

I should be clear that this event took place in 2024; I only visually documented it in 2025.

<br>

#### Through The Week of 20260316-20260322

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260328-saturday

https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/if-stillness-is-sin 
                                                    
https://perceptindex.substack.com/p/field-notes-20260326-thursday