---

title: '20251212'
pubDate: 12/19/2025
updatedDate: 12/19/2025
description: 'The “transformer” was made of geometric shapes, not in 3D but flat and constantly moving. Its overall form was of some sort of grayscale Transformer, you know, “robots in disguise.” It reminded me of a being made of Rubik’s Cubes. I couldn’t tell you if it was one of the Decepticons or Autobots, but for the sake of my own morality I’ll go with Autobots.'
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/reveriecompendium/20251212.jpg
asset: /Media/art/reveriecompendium/20251212.jpg
thumb: /Media/art/reveriecompendium/thumb-20251212.jpg
collection: Reverie Compendium
related: '/journal/20251212/'
tags: art, illustration, reverie compendium

---

<br>

### December 12, 2025

After [this heavy session](/journal/20251212/) I felt lighter, but I was also tired. I rolled over and took a nap. As I did this, I repeated my intent to have an altered state experience through a lucid dream. I asked to see a guide, some sort of connection in a subtle space. 

I became lucid in the garage, another favorite staging area for my subconscious. In the middle of fiddling with something, I realized that I was doing this for a while, like half an hour or so, and I heard nothing from the house, which is weird when you have two young boys who are passionate about building things just to destroy them (I mean, it is fun). In that moment of wondering came, "AHA! This is staging." The air in the garage shifted and my internal timer for collapse of the lucid dream began ticking. 

I hiked my right leg up like I was kicking air and jumped backwards as if to land on the cold and hard concrete with my back. I floated instead (of course). I then closed my eyes and began to repeat, "Take me through the tunnel." Now, this isn't my original intent and it didn't materialize. Subconscious was basically like, "Dude, I prepared a thing for you, no." No, it/I didn't actually reply to me, but basically this is the emotion behind me trying to switch things up.

I ended up fading out of the lucid dream, and through the familiar and warm backdrop began to emerge in current-time physical reality. Bummer. The warm glow faded into darkness as it usually does, but as the transition was occurring, a wild Liminal appeared. I've had a few over the last month and a half that sort of materialize, but it's been so hard to see them, which is unusual as they typically are bright, vivid, and generally strange. 

This one started on the bottom right, again typical location that I'm used to, but grew to the size of 3/4 of my total field of view. We're going to call this Liminal "the transformer" because honestly that's what it reminded me of. No, not "a passive electrical device that transfers energy between circuits via electromagnetic induction"... although as I'm writing this, maybe? 

The "transformer" was made of geometric shapes, not in 3D but flat and constantly moving. Its overall form was of some sort of grayscale Transformer, you know, "robots in disguise." It reminded me of a being made of Rubik's Cubes. I couldn't tell you if it was one of the Decepticons or Autobots, but for the sake of my own morality I'll go with Autobots. 

Perhaps another way of describing this Liminal is: "3D-like" constantly moving and shifting tiles. Not quite 3D but also more. Again, I'm reminded of the thought I made a while back regarding these Liminals: 3D beings cast 2D shadows, do 4D beings cast 3D shadows? Is it that simple? Then again there's nothing "simple" about a 3D shadow moving intelligently, making contact, and showing emotion. If we observe our 2D shadow, does it not appear to be moving intelligently, making contact, and showing emotion? It's a bit perplexing, but also I don't think there's really that big of a leap in imagination to be made here regarding all of this.

The transformer Liminal was definitely making contact with me as the observer. It materialized, or rather grew, into being; turned and noticed me; turned again to acknowledge me, nodded, then turned around and began to retreat back into the greyish void. 

I'd say I am flummoxed; however, I find these Liminals an absolute joy to behold. 
