---

title: '20260224'  
pubDate: 02/11/2026  
updatedDate: 02/11/2026  
description: "Now that I've felt it, I can recognize it and flow through it. By overanalyzing what was occurring, I built my own wall and rickety ladder. The subconscious stood at the bottom of it all and looked up at me climbing, shaking its head, through a door which was wide open this whole time. That was the most important message I was meant to receive at this time."  
author: Anton Simanov  
background: /Media/art/reveriecompendium/20260124.jpg  
asset: /Media/art/reveriecompendium/20260124.jpg  
thumb: /Media/art/reveriecompendium/thumb-20260124.jpg  
collection: Reverie Compendium  
related: '/journal/20260201/#20260131'  
tags: art, illustration, reverie compendium  

---

<br>

### Black Square

**Intro.**

##### Meditation 

- 45 Minutes.
- Tom Campbell's binaural beats, 128-64. 
- Went with something a little different than my usual 256-128-64.
- No particular goal today but developed one for future sessions. 
- Worked my way from F10 to F15 without incident. 
- In F12 I declared myself and once again extended contact invitation, in any way. I didn’t spend much time here today. 
- Once in F15 I had a strong body check in the form of left foot twitch. It’s always the left foot.
- Had a couple ideas once I got to F15 but defaulted to some loose manifestation work. When I say this it’s essentially imagining the outcome that I want but from periphery of daily life so to speak. I look for situations that you normally don’t imagine once you have something. For example: It’s easy to imagine a new property, how it looks, all the things it has that you want, etc. What about what it feels like to wake up there? What does it feel like to wake up and go for a run? Shower? Getting ready in the morning? Mundane, boring, and routine daily life tasks is where I do my best to look into from the perspective of already having achieved the larger and more impactful wish. 
- Finished the manifestation session with a declaration, “Now I am that.”
- Beyond that, since I was in the space “beyond time” or “no time”, I was thinking about exploring past life events or reliving key moments of this one. Something told me I didn’t have enough time, so I said my gratitude and made my exit out of F15 to briefly rest in F10.
- While in F10, and besides my usual physical body affirmation, I made my intent for altered state exploration.
- My intent today: “I count ‘1’ and briefly open my eyes, roll over, fall asleep, my subconscious wakes me up in a dream state, I open my etheric eyes and get up.” 
- I said my final thanks for the experience and counted ‘1’. 

##### Projection

- My personal method continues to evolve.
- Once again after I rolled over and closed my eyes I felt the call of sandman. 
- It was long before I felt drowsy. A couple times I was close to losing consciousness but kept snapping out of it, reminding myself to “let go and flow” help a lot. The third time an approached the threshold I slipped right in, still aware of the transition. 
- The dream didn’t last long, looking at the time it was probably a minute or two long. 
- I did not encounter any lucid dream theatrics this time. As soon as I was lucid I began my “spiral” out of the dream, which I now understand as my subconscious cue for action. It’s funny that 90% of the practice is mindful inaction but that doesn’t mean to never take action, you have to be mindful of that as well. “Let go and flow.” 
- It’s interesting that I don’t quite remember what the spiraling actually looked like, pretty sure it was a warm gray (taupe?) and shallow wormhole of some sorts. 
- In that moment and in my mind I said, “Open eyes and get up”. So one way to understand how awareness moves between altered states is to set your intention in an altered state, you will recall it immediately once you are in the desired position and state. That’s agile awareness mechanics, maybe I’ll outline it someday. 
- Etheric eyes opened buttery smooth and fast. 
- I was hovering above my body and facing the ceiling of my office (away from my body).
- The office looked normal, except for one thing. 
- Overall nothing seemed out of place and there was more light than in waking awareness. So that’s pretty typical of my office projections. 
- There was no sound, it was very quiet and still. I'm putting this down because I always have the Dohm sound machine on during sessions.  
- The ceiling fan however was jacked up. It wasn’t its usual “box store” special looking brown fan blades and fixture with 4 lights. Instead of the fan on top of my ceiling was a large black square. It looked like one of those infinity mirrors, it had depth. Not only that but the inside of the black square was fragmented, like broken glass almost but it wasn't broken (not the impression that I got). At first I was glancing around the room and while it caught my attention immediately I did not fixate on it, felt like I shouldn't do that unless I intended this experience to end. Having said that, I kept circling back around to it. In the future if it appears again I'll examine closer, perhaps even move through it as it's probably a gateway to something (or not, I don't know). 
- After a moment or two of looking around I made my intent to move and felt resistance from behind me, like I was tied to something (my body). I then turned left, then turned right. Each time I turned I was pulled back to my starting position as if I was moving against resistance bands or bungee cords. With every attempt I'd aim to move further and the resistance would match in "stretchiness" and ramp up corelating with how far I could turn. Odd that this is happening, hasn't happened before, but not like it's surprising as it's a commonly reported situation in projection states.
- Turn, snap back, turn again, snap back again. This went on for a couple minutes. 
- I felt my energy wane so I calmed down and let myself exit naturally. I closed my etheric eyes and fell back down into my body, gently settling in as the norm now. 
- When I was still in F10 before this projection I remember doing a tiny bit of energy work, testing a hypothesis I had in that moment. Next session I will focus on energy work directly and spend most of my time amping it up and moving it around with the goal of accomplishing a sort of "energy stretching" before my next projection attempt. 