---

title: Symphony of Hope
pubDate: 09/13/2025
updatedDate: 09/13/2025
description: To say that this year has been "normal" would be wishful thinking at best and denial at worst. In fact, since 2020 nothing has been like the years before. I've thought about this for a few years and while I continue to test if this is simply a function of aging and seeing the world events from increasingly higher and higher vantage point I do wonder if *this time is actually different.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg

---

### *Symphony of Hope*

**To say that this year has been "normal" would be wishful thinking at best and denial at worst. In fact, since 2020 nothing has been like the years before. I've thought about this for a few years and while I continue to test if this is simply a function of aging and seeing the world events from increasingly higher and higher vantage point I do wonder if *this time is actually different.***

One thing's for sure, during times of confusing and senseless violence it feels like our collective consciousness too becomes confused and reels in agony, anger, sadness and disillusionment. After all, we're literally consciousness experiencing being a physical human being. We lose sight of our unified and often unspoken mission of entropy reduction and are left picking up broken pieces while wondering how it all ended up like this. Short answer to this bewildering question: We let it happen. We continue to experiment with the same damn plans, rhetoric, and way of going about our business. We change nothing and then get mad when the result is no different than from the other 100s of times we've watched the buss that we're all on drive off the cliff.  

My intention isn't to admonish and make everyone feel worse about the state of everything. My goal is to remind everyone that there is a better reality, we all dream it and know that it's possible. Refocusing on such lofty and seemingly out-of-reach dreams of world peace and abundance isn't a fool's errand. Abundance already exists. Peace is very possible. You can't long for something you know nothing about, you can't imagine things that you don't know are possible. 

But there are *others* and *they* hoard all the resources and subjugate us to a life of scarcity. How many of *them* are there among us? Few, while we are many. Yet we fear the few and continue to lash out at *them*, and worse we fall into *their* traps by turning our attention and malice on to each other. I'm convinced that most people don't even know who *they* are but "Dadgummit!" *they* are some evil SOBs!

The many, us, are needed for *their* system to function and allow *them* to continue perpetuating the perception of scarcity. We allow us to be gripped by manufactured fear. We've given up the control of our very reality to the few. It's not all lost and awful, if we gave up our grip on reality that means we can take it back. Not through violence, not through force, but through power of the exact thing that makes us co-creators of our own reality: our collective conscious. 

There are no others. There are no differences that can't be reconciled. There are no boundaries. All of these obstacles are illusions. 

Do I have the answer as to what we should all do? No, but **you** have the answers as to what you should do and focus on, we all do. 

I'm reminded again of this powerful spoken word at the end of "Symphony of Hope" track from MaMan: 

> *When we unite, the impossible begins to hum with possibility. Like threads woven together by unseen hands, we become a tapestry of change, a force greater than the sum of our parts. In our shared effort, the earth awakens — not as a battle to win, but as a dance to join. Each step, each voice, becomes a note in a song that resonates through the very air we breathe. And in this symphony of hope, magic unfolds: a world reborn from the harmony of many hearts beating as one."*

- [MaMan](https://www.mamanofficial.com/ "MaMan")

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QzhIHCE1Ac4?si=2--JleiWrh5vKF-6&amp;controls=0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>