---

title: 'Field Notes: September 27, 2025'
pubDate: 09/27/2025
updatedDate: 09/28/2025
description: During one of the meditations I focused on visualization and found myself being interrupted by the typical hypnagogic images. Breaking through that practice were very specific scenes of familiar places. I do my best to pay attention to them now, as in the past they have proven to be precognitive. One of these scenes today was of me standing in the back hallway of the building where I work. Through the exit door I could see a black half-ton Chevy truck pull up, and one of my colleagues climbed out. He was wearing sunglasses and a dark polo shirt. Not sure if it matters, but this person also had a dark, neat moustache. I don’t know why I zeroed in on that detail. I have a moustache myself, and so do many people I know and associate with.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg

---

### Field Notes: September 27, 2025

<div class="bsln-card m-b-1">
<div class="bsln-card__header">
    <span class="bsln-card__title">Field Notes</span>
    <span class="bsln-card__info">09/27/2025</span>
</div>

<div class="bsln-card__body">
    <p style="margin-bottom: 0;">Not every week brings breakthroughs, but I make it a point to document each session. These “field notes” capture the process, whether or not anything remarkable happens in the moment. Looking back on them after major events often reveals how the path unfolded and offers its own lessons. Here are the Field Notes for <strong>September 27th, 2025.</strong></p>
</div>
</div>

**During one of the meditations I focused on visualization and found myself being interrupted by the typical hypnagogic images. Breaking through that practice were very specific scenes of familiar places. I do my best to pay attention to them now, as in the past they have proven to be precognitive.**

One of these scenes today was of me standing in the back hallway of the building where I work. Through the exit door I could see a black half-ton Chevy truck pull up, and one of my colleagues climbed out. He was wearing sunglasses and a dark polo shirt. Not sure if it matters, but this person also had a dark, neat moustache. I don’t know why I zeroed in on that detail. I have a moustache myself, and so do many people I know and associate with.

Later, during a projection attempt, I heard a phrase: “_ is pregnant.” It was difficult to decipher the name that was said; I believe it started with the letter “M.” To all the people who know me and whose names start with the letter “M,” I wouldn’t be too preoccupied with this message. “Is pregnant” doesn’t have to mean **physically pregnant**. In fact, I’d bet it was probably more along the lines of **being pregnant** ***with an idea*** or some other major and important undertaking.

This interpretation would also indicate that the same person will undergo *labor* of some sort. Think of it like being “pregnant” in your mind and giving birth to an idea transformed into a physical object, art, some sort of intellectual property, or a thought form. Time will tell.

Regarding precognition: our immediate reactions are hardly ever correct, often misinterpreted, and overall reside in the slippery state of altered consciousness. It’s important to document these events, analyze them, and then simply move on. Over time we tend to develop a knowing, and such vague statements or scenes become easier to read and correctly identify. I’m not there yet.

In the past I would discard such imagery during deep states because they often felt random and sometimes completely nonsensical. Then at some point, as I continued to churn through the Gateway Tapes material, somewhere around Wave 4, I realized that these scenes did in fact have value. One afternoon I saw a very clear depiction of an airplane traveling across a dark blue evening sky while being partially obscured by tree branches that indicated it was late winter or early spring. Two weeks later I witnessed that same exact scene unfold in my backyard as I watched a plane glide in the same direction I had seen in my vision and under the exact same conditions. Isn’t that pretty neat?

Another interesting development is a new sensation of a soft, white light pulse emanating from behind my eyes which rapidly progresses to the front of my field of view. It’s similar to the white strobe that happens once in a while but differs in that it is not as sudden. I can feel a very quick buildup of energy and then the sensation of release from within that emanates outward in all directions. It feels like my energy body pulses when it reaches a certain state, or when my awareness tunes to the next frequency signature.

This guidepost or frequency marker has been developing for a while and I’ve been trying to understand it. I think I’m getting closer, and I must admit the sensation is very pleasant.
