---

title: 'Field Notes: October 26, 2025'
pubDate: 10/26/2025
updatedDate: 10/26/2025
description: Every session contributes to the larger picture, sometimes in ways that only become clear later. These “field notes” record the process as it happens, offering perspective when I look back. Here are the Field Notes for <strong>October 23rd through 26th, 2025.</strong>
author: Anton Simanov
background: /assets/product/images/percept/p-bg-03.jpg

---

<div class="bsln-card m-b-1">  
<div class="bsln-card__header">  
    <span class="bsln-card__title">Field Notes</span>  
    <span class="bsln-card__info">10/26/2025</span>  
</div>  

<div class="bsln-card__body">  
    <p style="margin-bottom: 0;">Every session contributes to the larger picture, sometimes in ways that only become clear later. These “field notes” record the process as it happens, offering perspective when I look back. Here are the Field Notes for <strong>October 23rd through 26th, 2025.</strong></p>  
</div>  
</div>  

<br>

### October 23, 2025

#### Self-hypnosis meditation

* 30 minutes.
* One of Dick Sutphen's "Astral Projection" meditations.
* I like to do this one around the middle of the week because it includes a clean chakra-balancing component.
* Dropped into F10 and then F12 at my usual velocity.
* If you're doing self-hypnosis, binaural beats, or guided binaural beat meditation (The Gateway Program tapes), the mechanics are all the same. I prefer Gateway's terms (F10, F12, etc.) as shorthand for the many interpretations of the actual focus states and stages you move through once you begin meditating. Maybe one day there will be a universal language and framework for how humans access expanded awareness and interact with consciousness.
* Overall, this session was the refresh I needed in the middle of the day.

<br>

### October 24, 2025

#### Nap

* It was a busy day with little time to meditate, so I used the time I had to practice strengthening my understanding and process of setting intent.
* I was moderately tired after lunch and decided on a quick nap.
* Set one clear and concise intent: "When my body sleeps, I remain aware."
* I spent about five minutes working on this, putting as much emotion and charge into the intent as I could.
* I then laid down and visualized the phrase "When my body sleeps, I remain aware" to the best of my ability.
* I promptly fell asleep and nothing happened.
* When I woke from the brief nap, I chuckled and decided I was simply too tired for anything to happen.

<br>

### October 25, 2025

#### Meditation

* William Buhlman's "The Vortex" method, 40 minutes.
* This one continues to be challenging to stay conscious with once settled in.
* Normally, I would move on from methods that keep producing this response, but I keep getting deeper than ever, and intuitively I know I should continue. So I am.
* As with most of Buhlman's techniques, I entered my ideal state quickly. With this method, it happens faster and deeper than others I’ve tried. Probably why I keep returning to it, even with little measurable success when it's all said and done.
* While in the ideal state, I felt “stuck” and unable to move forward to separate. One annoying aspect lately is that random itches tend to materialize right as I’m fully in the zone, and they refuse to go away. Normally, once settled, I can block most physical sensations quickly, but recently the urge to itch has been almost overwhelming.
* Solution: cover my body in Vaseline.
* Actual solution: continue to build strong intent setting and communication with the subconscious.

#### Meditation

* I cut the session short and switched to Campbell’s binaural beats for manifesting work.
* I’m currently enjoying the “255-128-64” track but plan to experiment with others based on purpose. It’s a very good track for projection and subtle-space exploration.
* Entered F10, F12, and F15 in short but strong successions.
* Clicked out a couple of times while in F15, which always feels slightly “dangerous” since this focus level is so sensitive to non-verbal communication (NVC), the main tool for manifesting in F15. I usually start verbally, then let visuals materialize from that. The key is to stay lucid while observing and subtly influencing them. It can get tricky though, if I spend too long observing, it can slip away and turn into a mini click-out event. Luckily, something usually snaps me back to awareness, but I still do my best to prevent that from happening in the first place.

#### Quick Nap

* The goal here was to continue experimenting with stronger intent setting.
* I chose to focus purely on projecting instead of my typical pathway of `lucid dream -> projection`.
* No success today, but something occurred that I’m choosing to pay attention to and see if I can “solve” this riddle of sorts.
* In the earlier meditation, while in F12, I charged up a question: “What is the most efficient way for this physical body to allow me to separate and astral project?” I didn’t receive an answer at the time, which is fine as that usually means it will come later. So, I kept it in the back of my mind.
* During the nap session, I had a brief dream sequence that I believe was an attempt to answer that question.
* I saw a sideways view of a catapult resting on a grassy field. I was inside the catapult basket, looked down, and saw myself standing next to the lever. “Like this,” I said, pulling it. Then I was launched into the air and woke up.
* First impression: that’s the kind of joke I’d make if asked that question, so it fits.
* Second take: I should meditate on that answer.

<br>

### October 26, 2025

#### Meditation

* Tom Campbell’s binaural beats “256-128-64” track,  a recent favorite.
* One hour, aware and present the entire time with only minor distractions.
* Usual prep without issue, dove into F10 right away, then transitioned into F12.
* I directed the same question as before toward any being of the same or greater frequency: “What is the most efficient and natural way for this physical body to allow me to separate and astral project?”
* Realizing I was in F12, I repeated the question again, this time with NVC, releasing it to all parts of my expanded awareness, then shifted into observation.
* Immediately, I was flashed an image of a sunny-side-up egg. I don’t know what that means.
* Later, I was shown medium-sized red buildings on grassy hills leading up to a large white structure, perhaps a facility of some kind.
* Between that, the egg, and the catapult, I’ve got some thinking to do.
* From there, I worked on activating, balancing, and charging chakras.
* I also used Sutphen’s method to go deeper inward, counting down from seven at least twice.
* After that, I attempted a few exit techniques but wasn’t feeling it, so I abandoned that and moved on to F15 for more vivid manifestation work.
* Throughout the rest of the meditation, I experienced familiar low, rumbling vibrations across the body. They aren’t strong enough to intensify, but they feel like a rocket engine idling, or being behind the wheel of a supercar at rest. You know it’s powerful, built with potential, but currently still.
* I’ll continue to explore that. Perhaps there’s a way to help wake it up more.