---

title: 'Field Notes 20260305 - Friday'
pubDate: 03/06/2026
updatedDate: 03/06/2026
description: What started out as a lazy Friday afternoon meditation had an unexpected, energetic, and curious follow-up or two. Today I entered the session with an intent and an eventual question for F18 state, "What's already in motion that I haven't seen yet?" The process itself is well talked about already so I won't spend time describing how my tired awareness was groggily navigating meditative states, stalling here and there but eventually completing the mission. I will say this, I haven't had a sharp and ultra aware meditation for a while but I'm not stressing out about it, there's been a lot of external factors as of late.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260306.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260305 - Friday

##### What's already in motion that I haven't seen yet?

* Sun: Pisces 16°
* Moon: Libra 28° | Waning Gibbous
* Mercury Retrograde: 20260226-20260320

<br>

#### Afternoon

##### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Tom Campbell's binaural beats, 128-64-32.

What started out as a lazy Friday afternoon meditation had an unexpected, energetic, and curious follow-up or two. Today I entered the session with an intent and an eventual question for F18 state, "What's already in motion that I haven't seen yet?" The process itself is well talked about already so I won't spend time describing how my tired awareness was groggily navigating meditative states, stalling here and there but eventually completing the mission. I will say this, I haven't had a sharp and ultra aware meditation for a while but I'm not stressing out about it, there's been a lot of external factors as of late.

**Enough of that, let's get on with the action.**

---

##### Transition, Landing Projection, Liminal

Just as I was finishing my exit I launched into intent-setting while still in F10, the mind awake/body asleep state. My intent was very targeted for an altered state experience, so much so that it surprised me the kind of emotion that I felt behind it. It wasn't anger but it was on the aggressive side, imagine caps lock and bold on specific words to underline with force and determination that **THIS** is happening **RIGHT NOW**.

I was exhausted and convinced that I was going to pass out as soon as I set my gear aside, meanwhile the subconscious received the "intent ticket" and had other plans. I kept getting to the edge of sleep and losing it, but I wasn't getting frustrated because I remembered that this is actually a good signpost that potentially exciting things are on the horizon. Essentially the intent was set correctly, I wasn't looking to sleep, I was seeking the boundary to take the leap as I've done many times before.

I actually remember teetering at the threshold but I mistimed the jump, I was too aggressive. A brief dream sequence ensued that made zero sense, awareness was not interested. Suddenly I became lucid and instead of looking around, checking my state, and evaluating I simply launched into the wormhole spiral transition (yet another familiar situation). This transition sequence was longer and less winding than what I'm used to, this perked my awareness up a bit. There was a sense of power and electricity enveloping me as I transitioned through the portal.

I was gently deposited back into my physical bed, or so I thought. I lifted up my head and looked around. Immediately in front of me was a jet black, amorphous, moving form. It was undulating, twisting, turning, and never stopping. Unlike typical Liminal encounters that appear in a void, seldom in waking state (though it has happened), this time it was directly in the center of my field of view. What's more is that my office and positioning on the daybed was the same as usual, like I just woke up. Only problem with this is that I have a facemask on in waking state, not during this experience.

I sat up, the very energetic void-colored form stayed with me as if part of my vision. First thought was of the Liminal I encountered a while back that appeared like some sort of user interface, this "new" one had that feeling to it as well. To test this theory I attempted to interact with it by directly greeting it, it felt cold and without conscious intent. I could be wrong about this but I report exactly what happens and specifically from the perspective as it happened.

I did a little bit of looking around, nothing seemed off or weird except for the ink blob stretching and twisting in front of me. You know, typical Fridays! Attempts to touch it were fruitless, at this point whatever this object is meant to be it is part of my "interface". Suddenly it vanished, shrinking quickly into a single point and out of our briefly shared existence. A second or two after I was pulled like a magnet back down on the bed and opened my physical eyes behind the sleeping mask that I was still wearing.

---

##### Projection & Controlled Movement

"That was interesting," I said aloud as I turned over to the other side and dove back in for a second attempt. Losing consciousness this time was quick and easy, so was the transition into projection. The movement into this projection was essentially me snapping my fingers and instantly standing in front of my office bookshelf.

I did a quick scan of the office, nothing seemed out of place except the daybed, it was thoroughly scrubbed from this experience. Midafternoon light from the outside was illuminating the office from a window, its shutters wide open. If you're wondering, the shutters are always closed during sessions to block out any light from outside. Again, other than this the office was pretty much the same as how I left it.

I brought both of my hands up, first the left one and then the right one. Bracelets and fitness tracker were missing, I said out loud, "Yep, these are my hands and arms." I can't recall if I had a shirt on or not, actually I'm not even sure I had anything that resembled pants on my body either. I shrugged, "oh well," and then with an intent to hover slowly rose into the air.

I felt electric, endowed with pure power and sharp awareness. I'm having a bit of a difficult time describing what it feels like to navigate with pure intent but it really is as simple as thinking where to go and moving there. As you move you can feel the intent of the movement, it's precise but also fluid or plastic as it happens, which allows for efficient and quick redirection. Another way of putting it: Do you ever think about how you move your feet and legs while walking or running? Of course you're not dictating and scripting every single movement but you are at the same time aware of it and focused on the general intent of where the legs are carrying you to. It's like that except without the walking/running part.

With every turn and redirection, motion, etc. a general low-grade static could be felt around me. The awareness was piloting the etheric double, this was very clear. After a few practice runs around the office (going here, there, by the door, down low, up high, turning on a dime, redirection, etc.) I approached the office window and attempted to move through. As soon as I went beyond the window itself my field of view turned dark. I was able to back out and regain my vision just fine. It seemed that at this time I was discouraged to leave the office.

I had time, nothing was rushing me and I didn't feel background anxiety to "do something before the time is up." That's different. For the first time in these types of projections I made my own choice to end it: I looked up at the ceiling and decided to go through it. My thinking was if I'm "confined" to this space, any forced action to leave it will collapse the projection.

Crossing the boundary of the ceiling was effortless, field of view turned dark, I directed my intent to accelerate as fast as I could to move up and out. With every second it felt like I was gaining more and more speed. Within a couple moments it felt like I was in the portal again, the trajectory was in a straight line. I could now feel the tension, as if I was stretching from limb to limb, on my etheric double from the speed. That was also new.

Gradually the travel through the portal slowed to a nice and relaxing pace. I was once again gently deposited where I lay and instantly opened my eyes, once more looking at darkness behind my eye mask.

---

**Upon reflecting on this session and documentation I realized that I'm not exhausted at all. I'm invigorated, fresh, in an excellent mood and couldn't be happier to have more questions than I did before I laid down for this session.**