---
title: 'Field Notes 20260305 - Thursday'
pubDate: 03/05/2026
updatedDate: 03/05/2026
description: Today has been full of sizeable challenges and small annoyances. Quite honestly, if you follow Mercury Retrograde periods, it's been typical of that. My internal state during this period continues to be calm, clear, and even. Beneath that it is draining. I'm recognizing that a significant portion of my energy is devoted to nonreaction and processing in the face of these challenges and annoyances.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260305.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260305 - Thursday

##### Balance in the Retrograde

* Sun: Pisces 15°
* Moon: Libra 14° | Waning Gibbous
* Mercury Retrograde: 20260226-20260321

<br>

#### Afternoon

##### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Expand App, timer section, F18.

Today has been full of sizeable challenges and small annoyances. Quite honestly, if you follow Mercury Retrograde periods, it's been typical of that. My internal state during this period continues to be calm, clear, and even. Beneath that it is draining. I'm recognizing that a significant portion of my energy is devoted to nonreaction and processing in the face of these challenges and annoyances.

When thinking about this I took into consideration my own practice and how it has evolved over time. On one hand I frequently engage in deep-dives into consciousness exploration, on the other hand I have a compulsion for creative release. One transforms and illuminates through internal vision while the other manifests the outcome through creative force. This is another way to describe Percept Index, what it means to me, and my overall purpose.

I meditated on this relationship today, keeping in mind the balance and (seemingly) intentional tension during a turbulent macro environment. At least this was the goal and task. After settling into the session with intent of observing this relationship, the meditation instead took a hard left into familiar territory of a simple rest.

Reflecting back on this I understand why. I already know this balance exists, it is my nature and purpose, there is nothing more to discover here for me. Instead, in my meditation this afternoon, I simply rested in my awareness. No labels, no breakthroughs, no contact, just recovery and nourishment through simply being.