---

title: 'Field Notes: 20260302'
pubDate: 03/02/2026
updatedDate: 03/02/2026
description: My typical short and effective lunchtime session was under threat today. First came the rapid-fire interference as soon as the lunch hour hit. All good, it's a busy Monday. Then nature called, no big deal. Finally, technical difficulties really ramped up to put the whole experience in jeopardy, but I overcame it.
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260302.jpg
exportToSubstack: true

---

### Monday - 20260302

##### Fifteen Minutes, Reclaimed

* Sun: Pisces 12°
* Moon: Virgo 2° | Waxing Gibbous
* Mercury Retrograde: 20260226-20260321

<br>

#### Afternoon

##### Meditation

* 15 Minutes.
* Expand App, timer section, F12.

My typical short and effective lunchtime session was under threat today. First came the rapid-fire interference as soon as the lunch hour hit. All good, it's a busy Monday. Then nature called, no big deal. Finally, technical difficulties really ramped up to put the whole experience in jeopardy, but I overcame it.

Now, with 15 minutes left, I finally got to it. Nothing fancy today, upkeep and problem-solving kind of meditation. Wearing my huge headset that I use for meetings, a unicorn pillow behind my head, mask on, I propped my feet up on an empty office chair and began shutting down the noise.

Deep belly breath and release, prep visualization begins. Surprisingly calm and relaxed almost immediately, highlighted by the juxtaposition of what was going on right before. Enter F10, mind awake and body asleep. Phosphene activity begins a few moments later and I can hardly feel my limbs.

Expansion into F12, expanded consciousness, was followed by a similar and previously reported soft, white, dim line, or lines, expanding up and beyond my field of view. All of this is still accompanied by the same familiar sensation of millions of points lifting up and out from my being.

I don't think about the internal clock. I simply relax and melt into the sensation of expanded consciousness. I ask a question, sit with silent awareness, then my left foot twitches hard enough to knock on the wall I was reclined next to.

As I snap out of it and finish my exit progression, I check the time. Exactly 15 minutes have passed. I don't believe the foot twitch, the "body check," was a clue to end the session, but that's how it worked out.

All things considered, this was a very refreshing session to re-energize and get shit done before heading home. The things that attempted to annoy me failed. The session could have been longer, but the result would still have been the same.