---

title: 'Field Notes 20260307 - Saturday'
pubDate: 03/07/2026
updatedDate: 03/07/2026
description: I entered this session with the intent and question, "What if nothing more needs to be built right now?" It was an interesting experiment that I believe resulted in a seemingly unrelated interaction and subsequently a reaction, not my own, a little while after. 
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260307.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260307 - Saturday

##### What if nothing more needs to be built right now?

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Pisces 17°
* Moon: Scorpio 10° | Waning Gibbous
* Mercury Retrograde: 20260226-20260320

##### Meditation

* 30 Minutes.
* Tom Campbell's binaural beats, 128-64-32.

I entered this session with the intent and question, "What if nothing more needs to be built right now?" It was an interesting experiment that I believe resulted in a seemingly unrelated interaction and subsequently a reaction, not my own, a little while after.

The situation is very personal on the familial level, not my immediate family, so I won't write the details of it today. Perhaps it will naturally surface another time when emotions and words have lost their immediate, perceived, and calculated desire for an impact.

###### Bilocation

Unlike yesterday, after the meditation was over I had an adequate amount of energy, so after setting my gear down and with my intent still intact I began seeking the sleep threshold. It took a while since I was a little too alert. I've noticed that in this kind of state — good waking energy — I tend to miss the transition more often than not.

I became lucid in a dream. I found myself moving to a shelf in my office that had things on it that belong to other parts of the house. Not just that, the shelf itself was in an odd place to begin with. With that, I stood back from the shelf and began to vibrate. I took this as experiencing vibrations as I lay on my daybed. I've made the realization that every time I exit a dream or a lucid dream it feels so damn disorienting **precisely because** I'm experiencing the vibration stage simultaneously as the "simulation" winds down.

As the vision diminished I sank through the ground and entered the familiar portal. The travel wasn't windy like before; it was a lot like what I experienced yesterday: straight line. I was deposited on my daybed, facing the same exact direction as I did before this began. I could feel my eye mask, which is weird as I normally don't in these situations.

From this point forward the experience very quickly became disorienting. Part of my vision was looking at the familiar but different office (etheric vision), the other part was staring at the blackness behind the eye mask. I was experiencing physical and etheric awareness simultaneously. Functioning beyond simply laying there is very difficult and my attempts to do anything brought the experience to an end eventually.

In the past when experiencing bilocation I've noted that perhaps I should let it settle and then proceed, or not at all. Having said that, when you're in the middle of the actual event it's not so simple.

This experience continues to present itself, so clearly there is a benefit here; I'm just not far enough along to determine what that is. With that, I will continue to approach these opportunities with curiosity, a positive attitude, and vigorous documentation.

Stay tuned, it's bound to happen again.