---
title: 'Field Notes 20260316 - Tuesday'
pubDate: 03/17/2026
updatedDate: 03/17/2026
description: Content. 
author: Anton Simanov
background: /Media/art/sketches/20260317.jpg
exportToSubstack: true
---

### Field Notes 20260317 - Tuesday

##### How Ironic

<br>

#### Afternoon

* Sun: Pisces 27°
* Moon: Pisces 14° | Waning Crescent
* Mercury Retrograde: 20260226-20260320

#### Meditation

* 20 Minutes.
* Expand App, timer section, F15.

Another short session as time got away from me yet again. I'm revisiting F15 (place without time) as I realized that while I don't usually spend time in this focus state, it's probably the best one for a "simply be" kind of meditation. 

I navigated to the desired focus state without issues. I felt a little weak on the expansion point in F12 but kept moving as it was sufficient. Any time I enter F15 there seems to be a brief moment of absolutely nothing — no thoughts at all. I could be dealing with those distractions prior to moving here, but once I do, flat. 

The automatic silence doesn't last; the tempest of thoughts, as I like to call it, returns, but it is more subdued than in other states. If I come here with a mission, it'll automatically begin to orient. 

The only goal I had today was to see how simply being would feel in this focus state. The original thought was that this is an ideal place for such a meditation and I believe that to be accurate. While thoughts moved about, came and went, they were more muted than in other states. 

Memories tend to bubble up here as well, but I found that it's easier than in other states to ignore them. Having said that, if you do engage, it'll likely take off with a mind of its own, so be sure to have a plan. 

Toward the end, my left foot started to jump. I don't think this was in any way related to the state or anything about it; I simply didn't have more time to explore this type of meditation in this focus state. 

Not sure when I'll do this session again, but I'll be sure to carve out more time to properly sit and evaluate simply being in a state of no time. How ironic.